Don't come so close to me
Say if you are also entangled with him
i
Hey, Yihan, you really wronged me.
He is really interested in me
But I firmly disagree
Then don't get too close to him.
Look at the way he's not at ease with you
Then you
Are you jealous now?
Still worried about me?
Stop being self-righteous
That female creditor is not easy
Hide evil intentions
I was worried that you'd accidentally fall for a trap.
Hurt yourself and implicate me
The mouth is still so hard
Hey
Then I really hook up with him
Will you really kill me?
I'll kill you if you're really with him
Then I kill myself
Why did you commit suicide?
Hey, don't you go looking for weapons?
Can't I come to chat with my brother Song?
Vixen hum
Hey, Miss Hu
We're not that familiar yet
Men and women do not receive and receive
You're done touching
I'm too embarrassed to say that.
What's finished?
Hey, don't talk nonsense.
What about me, it's just that you just want to learn oiling
But under the rules of our counterfeit products
A woman's body is looked at by a man
Either marry him or kill him
I'm saving your life
I'll say it again
Work under the boss
It's nothing more than licking blood from the edge of the knife
One small mistake could kill you.
You might as well have fun with me on counterfeit products
Isn't it beautiful?